Following her capture by Doctor Hemlock, Omega adjusts to life at the Imperial research facility by visiting her prisoner brother Crosshair and getting checkups from her mysterious and stoic clone sister

Working as mercenaries, Hunter and Wrecker complete a dangerous job in exchange for what may be the location of Doctor Hemlock’s lab. They follow at the coordinates to find a jungle planet and an ominous abandoned Imperial base, as well as young clones surviving in the wilderness.

Emperor Palpatine visits Doctor Hemlock to see the progress on the work being done. Nala Se cannot prevent Emerie moving ahead with research that may put Omega in danger, so she secretly tells the young clone to run.

Following their escape, Omega, Crosshair, and Batcher make an emergency landing on Lau, a shadowy planet crawling with Imperials. Meanwhile, back at the Imperial facility on Tantiss, a captive Nala Se continues to protect Omega's whereabouts from Doctor Hemlock, 

The team regroups on the idyllic world of Pabu, where Crosshair struggles to regain the trust of Hunter and Wrecker. When Echo comes to gather intel on Doctor Hemlock and his facility, it's determined that the datapad Omega stole from Mount Tantiss could be the key to locating the base and freeing the imprisoned clones. 

At a nondescript location in the Pantora city center, Senator Riyo Chuchi meets with Senator Avi Singh to discuss an alliance against the Empire. The conversation is cut short, however, when a Clone X trooper attempts to assassinate Singh  but is thankfully stopped by Rex and his rogues.

Following a battle with the Clone X trooper CX2, Rex and the Bad Batch look to escape Teth. Meanwhile, Commander Wolffe, now in service of the Empire, arrives with reinforcements. But he quickly clashes with the mysterious CX2 over how to proceed. 

Phee contacts the Bad Batch, reporting that bounty hunters have been retrieving Mcount targets for the Empire. In response, Hunter and Wrecker travel to a distant planet to find Fennec Shand, hoping that she'll have the information they seek.

Back on Pabu, the Bad Batch are visited by a stranger on behalf of Fennec Shand. She has come to deliver the intel on Mcount research, explaining that it's a measure of one's potential in the Force. On Omega's urging, she begins to test the young clone in the ways of the Force, though the rest of the squad do not trust their guest.

At Mount Tantiss on Wayland, Hemlock promotes Emerie Karr to lead scientist of Project Necromancer. Granted access to &quot;the vault,&quot; she is introduced to the program's specimens children of the Force taken from their families.







